hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and in this
video we're going to celebrate reaching
5,000 subscribers and we're going to
celebrate by building a statue of the
number 5000 I'm going to build the hug
huge number 5,000 on top of this Tower
and I have a few other ideas also so
we're going to build the 5,000 out
of red wool I've collected a ton of this
red wool open the gate close the gate
let's get on a mine cart mine
cart let's go over to the barn and let's
get off
all right look at
this right here I've bred a ton of red
sheep so I can use my
shears to collect red wool from these
sheep tons of red
wool Aha and when the sheep eat the
grass they regrow their wool and then I
can and Shear them again okay let's get
out of here jump and let's get back on
the Mine Cart mine cart let's get off
right
here and I've also upgraded the Villager
house that I built in the last episode
let's go check it out it's right over
here it's kind of like the enchanting
room I added decorations to the outside
of the house
and I added a
roof the house has a roof now and
there's grass and bushes growing from
the
roof okay let's Open this gate and close
the gate and here we are it's the
Villager house I've added paintings on
the walls I've added some lanterns over
here there are beds for the
villagers and there are also
workstations
here here and here the Fletching table
is for the
Fletcher the Fletcher mm the cartography
table of course is for the
Cartographer and look at this I found a
cartographer that wants to trade the
trial Explorer map so in in the next
video I'll continue my search for a
trial chamber the smithing table is for
the tool Smith the tool Smith and the
loom is
for the shepherd so in this house I have
four villagers open close villagers can
open doors but they can't open fence
gates hm and it's night time let's go
over to the creeper spawner I want to
pick up some Gunpowder let's go down the
staircase and let's pick up some of this
gunpowder and let's go back home to
sleep all right and it's
morning okay let's begin building the
number
5,000 for our
statue so there are a few things that I
will need I want to build some Redstone
lamps let's see red stone redstone lamp
Okay to build a redstone lamp I need one
glow stone and four Redstone Dust I have
lots of red stone but I don't have any
glow stone so I need to go to the nether
to pick up some glowstone Stone let's go
into The
Nether jump all right here we are the
nether I'm going to start looking for
glowstone whoa all right I've already
found some glow stone o I need to be
careful but
uhoh run run run run run die die die die
die
uh-oh half a heart half a heart no no no
no no no
no wow half a
heart I'm going to eat some
fish and regain my hearts
oh I see my diamond chest plate and my
diamond boots
broke and my helmet and leggings are
close to
Breaking I need to build a new set of
armor when I go back
home okay there is the glow stone we're
so
close I'm going to build a tower up jump
jump jump
all right here we are I'm getting lots
of
Glowstone oh I can't
reach that block of Glowstone I'm going
to go one block
up can I reach it
now
yes all right and that was the last
glowstone block now let's go down there
and pick up all the glow stone jump
let's see I have one
two almost three full stacks of
Glowstone awesome let's go back home
run run run run run to the
portal go go go go go go go go go go all
right I'm safe Hey look
a Zombie
Pigman hello zombie pigman I'm going to
give this zombie pigman my diamond
leggings hey zombie pigman here you
go you want some diamond
leggings the zombie pigman is wearing my
diamond
leggings all right morning let's build
some Redstone lamps so first I need to
build build some glow stone glow
stone to build glow stone I need four
glowstone dust let's build a bunch of
Glowstone all right I built 45
glowstone now let's build some Redstone
lamps so let's pick up some red stone r
e d s o n e redstone lamp let's build
six 16 Redstone lamps 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15
16 all right there we go 16 Redstone
lamps now let's build some Redstone
torches let's say 30 Redstone torches 28
30 all right 30 Redstone torches let's
build a button
a button there we go and let's build
some Redstone
repeaters let's see r e p e a t e r
repeater I need three
stone as well as two Redstone torches
and one Redstone Dust let's build maybe
four of
these okay we have four
repeaters what else will I need
assign assign
okay dispensers I'll need some
dispensers how do you build
dispensers
dispenser uh I need to build some
bows here's a bow here's a bow let's
build two more
bows bow one two there we go all right
one two three four dispensers awesome
now let's build some
fireworks so I'll need some paper here's
some paper all right let's build some
fireworks
firework let's build a bunch of
these all right I built one two three
three stacks of 64 fireworks okay now
let's go build the
5,000
open let's go up there here we
are
so the first thing that I'm going to do
is build a little platform down
here down here at the
bottom now I'm going to put up the
sign and I'll put the sign right here
the sign will say
5,000
subscribers and I reached 5,000
subscribers on July
28th
2024 awesome
done and
underneath the sign I'll place a
button there we
go okay now since it's night time let's
go back home to go to
sleep
morning all right back to work let's go
up to the top of this
tower all right here we are hit the top
now I'm going to build the number 5,000
floating up there in the air and I'm
going to build it using red wool this
might take me a while
here we
go 5 hours later all right
and there we go I think it's
finished let's go back down to the
bottom and look at
it all
right and let's turn
around
yeah all
right now I just need to destroy this
dirt
dirt all right and I destroyed all of
the
dirt now the 5,000 is
floating okay and there's one final
thing that I want to do here I'm going
to take my dispensers 1 2 3 4 four I'm
going to place these dispensers here in
the
corners one
2 three and four now I'm going to put
fireworks inside these
[Music]
dispensers all right the sun's going
down let's go back home and go to sleep
and in the morning I'll finish this
statue morning
let's go back up there and the final
thing that I'm going to do in this video
is connect this button to the dispensers
up there so when I push this button
it'll launch the
fireworks
okay uh-oh uh-oh creeper die it's really
dark on the
inside one one more creeper die red
stone 500 hours
later
okay this took me a long time to figure
out but I think this will
work let's
see jump jump it's raining and it's
night
time okay I'm going to press press this
button
fireworks it worked but you couldn't
really see the fireworks because it's
raining okay I'm going to sleep so the
rain
stops all right it's morning and the
rain stopped now let's try pushing the
button push fireworks
[Music]
well it's kind of lame big thank you for
helping me to reach 5,000 subscribers if
you liked this video you could hit the
like button or subscribe to my channel
and if you want to help support this
channel you can make a donation on my
coffee Page by clicking up here thank
you so much for watching and I will see
you in the next video see
[Music]
you imagin